feat(styles-migration): add automatic migration for subnavigation inverted class (#640)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/old-singers-destroy.md

---
'@swisspost/design-system-styles': minor
---

> Add migration for post-subnavigation. This will replace `subnavigation-inverted` class from main element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add migration for post-subnavigation. This will remove the `subnavigation-inverted` class from the main element.
```
